Uh-huh.
Who can stop me?
So keep your eyes peeled.
The miracle in your heart
Life will die in front of you
Normal moves still don't work
The current crisis
Even without the power of all beings
That's the only way
Don't see what he's doing
It has no value.
Could it be that on July 1, Xianjun's stunt, 10 Fang Ju, was destroyed?
Useless legend
The reason why Shifang Giant Extermination can kill all enemies
unrivaled
It's because he needs to gather the strength of the crowd
Now he has no one to help
How is it possible to enforce the law properly?
Continuous sword kill
You want to defeat my Lin family dragon
Today I want you to leave home and die
Hahahaha